As you're working to iteratively
improve your algorithm.
One thing, that'll help you be a
bit more efficient is to make
sure that you have robust
experiment tracking.
Let's take a look at
some best practices.
When you're running
dozens or hundreds
or maybe even more experiments,
it's easy to forget
what experiments you
have already run.
Having a system for tracking
your experiments can help
you be more efficient
in making the decisions on
the data or the model or
hyperparameters to
systematically improve your
algorithm's performance.
When you are tracking the
experiments you've run,
meaning the models
you've trained,
here are some things I
would urge you to track.
One, is to keep track of
what algorithm you're using
and what version of code.
Keeping a record of
this will make it
much easier for
you to go back and
replicate the experiment
you had run maybe
two weeks ago and whose details
you may not fully
remember anymore.
Second, keep track of
the data set you use.
Third, hyperparameters
and fourth,
save the results somewhere.
This should include at least
the high level metrics
such as accuracy or F1 score
or the relevant metrics,
but if possible, it'd
be useful to just
save a copy of the trained model.
How can you track these things?
Here are some tracking
tools you might consider.
A lot of individuals
and sometimes
even teams will start
off with text files.
When I'm running
experiment by myself,
I might use a text file
to just make a note with
a few lines of text per
experiment to note
down what I was doing.
This does not scale well,
but it may be okay for
small experiments.
A lot of teams then migrate from
text files to spreadsheets,
especially shared spreadsheets,
if you're working in a team where
different columns of a
spreadsheet could keep
track of the different things
you want to track for
the different experiments
you're running.
Spreadsheets actually
scale quite a bit further,
especially shared
spreadsheets that
multiple members of a team
may be able to look at.
But beyond a certain point,
some teams will also consider
migrating to a more formal
experiment tracking system.
The space of experiment
tracking systems
is still evolving rapidly,
and so does a growing
set of tools out there.
But some examples
include Weight &Biases,
Comet, MLflow, Sage Maker Studio,
Verta.ai Granseal also has
its own experiment
tracking tool focusing on
computed vision and
manufacturing applications.
When I'm trying to
use a tracking tool,
weather a text file or
a spreadsheet or
some larger system,
here are some of
things I look at.
First is, does it give me
all the information needed
to replicate the results?
In terms of replicability,
one thing to watch out for is if
your learning algorithm
pulls data off the Internet.
Because data off the
Internet can change,
that can decrease replicability
unless you're careful in how
your system is implemented.
Second, tools that
help you quickly
understand the
experimental results
of a specific training run,
ideally with useful
summary metrics and
maybe even a bit of
a in-depth analysis,
can help you more quickly look
at your most recent
experiments or even
look at older experiments and
remember what had happened.
Finally, some other
features to consider,
resource monitoring,
how much CPU/GPU memory
resources do it use?
Or tools to help you
visualize the trained model
or even tools to help you with
a more in-depth error analysis?
I've found all of
these to sometimes be
useful features of experiment
tracking frameworks.
Rather than worrying
too much about exactly
which experiment tracking
framework to use though,
the number one thing I
hope you take away
from this video is,
do got to have some system,
even if it's just a text file or
just a spreadsheet
for keeping track of
your experiments and include
as much information as is
convenient to include.
Because later on, if
you try to look back,
remember how you had
generated a certain model,
having that information
would be really
useful for helping you to
replicate your own results.